I started by creating a new React project using the create-react-app tool, which gave me a basic folder structure and set up all the necessary dependencies. I then added the Ant Design library to the project by following the installation instructions on the Ant Design website. This allowed me to use the Ant Design components in my app.

Next, I created the layout for the app, which included a sidebar, header, content, and footer in the AppLayout.js.
For the sidebar, I added links to the two routes that I planned to include in the app: one for displaying global statistics of COVID-19 and another for displaying a table of countries with their COVID-19 information. I encountered some issues with routing in React, as the standard react-router-dom library didn't work with the latest version of React that I was using. However, I was able to overcome this problem by using a different routing library called react-router-config.

For the first route that displayed global COVID-19 statistics, I used Ant Design components such as Statistic, Card, and Progress to create an attractive and interactive display of the latest COVID-19 statistics. I also encountered some issues with formatting the numbers and dates correctly, but I was able to overcome this problem by going through the json file of the API.

For the second route that displayed a table of countries with their COVID-19 information, I used Ant Design Table components and added a dropdown for sorting and an input field for searching the countries by name. I encountered the most number of issues in this component. There were issues with pagination and horizontal scrolling, as the default settings for the Ant Design Table component didn't work well with the amount of data I was displaying. However, I was able to overcome these problems by customizing the Table component using its various props and options. Then came the issue of the search by country functionality as it was displaying unnecessary countries and I only required the one that was searched. This was corrected by modifying the filter and search functions inside the component.

Overall, I'm very satisfied with how the app turned out, and I think it provides a valuable tool for anyone interested in keeping up to date with the latest COVID-19 statistics. Despite encountering some challenges along the way, I was able to overcome them by leveraging the power of React and Ant Design, as well as using third-party libraries and customizations.
